Add info about media command for android (#494)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/notifications/commands.md

| `command_broadcast_intent` | Send a broadcast intent to another app, [see below](#broadcast-intent) for how it works and whats required. |
| `command_dnd` | Control Do Not Disturb mode on the device, [see below](#do-not-disturb) for how it works and whats required. |
| `command_high_accuracy_mode` | Control the high accuracy mode of the background location sensor, [see below](#high-accuracy-mode) for how it works and whats required. |

> | `command_media` | Control media playing on the device, [see below](#meda) for how it works and whats required. &nbsp;<span class="beta">BETA</span><br /> |

Reviewer: There's a typo, I think it should be `#media` 🙂

Author: This is an old PR and I think someone fixed it earlier

Reviewer: Oh right, I spotted them in the changelog and didn't check on `master `

        title: "turn_off"
```

## Media

![Android](/assets/android.svg) &nbsp;<span class="beta">BETA</span><br />

> Users are able to control any active media session on their device. You must set `message: command_media` and the `title` must be one of the below list. The `channel` must be set to the package name you wish to control. The notification will post as normal if one of the required fields is left blank, has incorrect data or a media session is not active.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users are able to control any active media session on their devices. You must set `message: command_media` and the `title` must be one from the list below. The `channel` must be set to the package name you wish to control. The notification will post as normal if one of the required fields is left blank, has incorrect data or a media session is not active.
```

List of accepted `title` media commands:
*  `fast_forward`
*  `next`
*  `pause`
*  `play`
*  `play_pause`
*  `previous`
*  `rewind`
*  `stop`

Example:

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: Pause spotify
    trigger:
      ...
    action:
      - service: notify.mobile_app_<your_device_id_here>
        data:

>           message: "command_meda"

Reviewer: There's a typo, I think it should be #media 🙂

Author: This is an old PR and I think someone fixed it earlier

>       service: notify.mobile_app_<your_device_id_here>
>       data:
>         message: "command_meda"
>         title: "pause"
>         data:
>           channel: "com.spotify.music"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - service: notify.mobile_app_<your_device_id_here>
        data:
          message: "command_meda"
          title: "pause"
          data:
            channel: "com.spotify.music"
```

<https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/yaml-style-guide>

Author: Ok we will need to fix this across the board then 😅 as all of the examples are copied from one another.  Will fix this instance here but will submit a separate PR to update the rest as we have several areas to check.
